whether adele scream ben there first appeared
on stage to surs 2010 as a 16 year old
teenager team and loggia in the tournament and
ps in france belgian already in 2011
became part of the 3d max team along with
richard shocks papilloma
their paths diverged when shocks
who joined the right order team
time bar games in may 2011 at not
will play together again 2012 for
Cedar organization year after
harbor counter-strike market combined with
an experienced leader of the be-200 you in rows in
clave ngam and translating into this discipline
showed good results
they took part in the fourth season
starserii with his own team
despite the brilliant individual
Scrim's game team ranked third
skipping ahead of the team from the gypsy
virtus.pro
early 2013 when henrik rp ketchup
and decided to retire scrim manages
hit the top team of the time
verygames
January 16 , he officially signed
contract with the French team
debuting a few days later
application and immediately setting control on
cards with their great online game
league despite its excellent shape
the team will still lose
Swedes son ip and poles virtus.pro
group stage and later in the semifinals
lose to fnatic on ragout league
1 showed great results and
proved to be one of the best players
on the professional stage they took
participation in the tournament matt cats which
held in vein hoping to overthrow on
Swedes sanaev n but problems team
started in the early stages
after a draw with the team alter its creatures
games must win
an excess to go out with and
groups but no further showed
stunning game left origen with
account 416 and slipped them to the second
line of the group stage Franco
Belgian and the team went to the stage
playoffs but this time brand new
for kazgu scene na'vi team gave them
more than their final after six o'clock
match they managed to bypass na'vi on the cards
21 but then alexis beat them again and
they left the tournament before reaching
finals despite failures in the tournament and
third place scream was one of the best
players having 315 kills for the entire match of
which 226 matter to the head
he will continue to show
incredible viz
kopanok open games and for the first time broke
barrier 80 percent killed in the head but
the team still did not achieve the result
loser of this with a different and top grid
with a score of 2 0 by cards and team in
westin at the office in the bottom grid completed
tournament in fourth place next
the zucchini tag tournament became a stage
in which the team managed to reach the final
having met on the tag the game turned out
surprisingly easy for the team verygames
beat kicked with a score of 0 on the cards
they won gold in this tournament
scream has become one of the best players with
1.47 rated October 10 enemies mts
manage to beat their inveterate
rivals with a different type of top grid on
tournament star series 7 and 1 became the best
programs in this series
China's sorbitol us go to the crane kicked
they returned home with gold easily
won with a buzz on the tag after it's time
for the biggest event of the year dreamhack
winter carpets games lose
Swedes son ip 1416 vytyag devils final
they managed to get around one pulse
opening the semifinals again on the swedes
find showed amazing game
sent the regimes there a bronze with a score of 2
1 on scream cards had better show
your games for the whole year
finishing with a color rating of 0.15 and
with only 0.62 kill before the round but without
doubts are the best and the world of the year
19th anniversary to do the cream was whether there was a
one of the key players
lari games on the road to success 2012 year
he later played for the titan team i
epsilon the last of which was
disbanded for breaking the rules
Now he plans to sign a contract with
cable and join the new composition
He won the 7th place best player
the world according to hltv.org for thousands
thirteenth year
we saw